* play song
This is what you get when you rent a rogue
I can convince anyone of anything
You see, there's a scientific method to get people to trust you.
I'm in.
Definitely not with your current experience.
Maybe ... you can teach me ...
in your room ...
It's so naughty
is it?
Does it feel sexy on your face?
so pretty
Do this? Well, let's go.
We are about 30 strong
Everyone gets a percentage.
Make it fast and get out.
Who is the girl?
She's our apprentice.
Are you going to strike there?
I'm with you.
No Farhad, I'm not going to strike there,
You have to hit it.
We always stay in character
never break.
Where are the black people?
I got it.
What?
Oh! Oh, sorry.
Congratulations. You're a rogue.
You're probably the best I've ever seen.
So what about the great fraud
I thought you were just playing big
You mean the one where we make so much money that we all retire?
It must happen quietly. No problems.
You look trustworthy, but you don't know me.
Is he your target?
It's great.
He's not a guy you want to cross swords.
everything
1.1 million.
Nicky, that's my money too.
For now, you're making things interesting
There is no room for caring in the game.
It will cause you death.
How does it feel?
Woow
There are two kinds of people in this world.
There are hammers .... and nails.
You decide which one you want to be.